feat: added cookbook tokens section (#255)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/cookbook/tokens/burn-tokens.md

---

> title: How to burn tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to Burn Tokens
```

sidebarSortOrder: 9
description:

>   "Explore token burning on Solana: Learn how to reduce token supply as a token

Reviewer: -> "Learn how to build Tokens on Solana"

  owner."
---

> You can burn token if you are the token owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can burn tokens if you are the token account authority.
```
